Overhaul: Intro chapter (#183)
esp-rs/book: src/introduction/startup-flow.md

# Application Startup Flow

In order to boot an application, Espressif devices use 2 bootloaders:

> - First Stage Bootloader (ROM Bootloader): Setups architecture-specific registers, checks the [boot mode][boot-mode] and reset reason, and loads the second stage bootloader.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- First Stage Bootloader (ROM Bootloader): Sets up architecture-specific registers, checks the [boot mode][boot-mode] and reset reason, and loads the second stage bootloader.
```

- Second Stage Bootloader: Loads the [partition table][partition-table] and your application.

> The second stage bootloader is required as it allows OTA support (first stage bootloader only load applications from a fixed offset in Flash) and also for Flash encrytion and secure boot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The second stage bootloader is required as it allows OTA support (first stage bootloader only load applications from a fixed offset in Flash) and also for Flash encryption and secure boot.
```

For more information about the startup process, please check [ESP-IDF documentation][esp-idf-startup]. However, note that some aspects may be ESP-IDF specific.

[boot-mode]: https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esptool/en/latest/esp32c6/advanced-topics/boot-mode-selection.html?highlight=boot%20mode
[partition-table]: #partition-tables
[esp-idf-startup]: https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-idf/en/stable/esp32c6/api-guides/startup.html

> ### Second Stage Bootloader Alternatives

Reviewer: Not sure what the intended meaning is here, if there is only one supported bootloader than there is no alternative 😁

- Second Stage Bootloader: Loads the [partition table][partition-table] and your application.

The second stage bootloader is required as it allows OTA support (first stage bootloader only load applications from a fixed offset in Flash) and also for Flash encrytion and secure boot.

For more information about the startup process, please check [ESP-IDF documentation][esp-idf-startup]. However, note that some aspects may be ESP-IDF specific.

[boot-mode]: https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esptool/en/latest/esp32c6/advanced-topics/boot-mode-selection.html?highlight=boot%20mode
[partition-table]: #partition-tables
[esp-idf-startup]: https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-idf/en/stable/esp32c6/api-guides/startup.html

### Second Stage Bootloader Alternatives

#### ESP-IDF Bootloader

Uses the [ESP image format][esp-image-format], see more information in [ESP-IDF documentation][esp-idf-second-stage-bootloader]

[esp-idf-second-stage-bootloader]: https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-idf/en/stable/esp32c6/api-guides/startup.html#second-stage-bootloader

#### MCUboot

> See [MCUboot documentation][mcuboot-docs]

Author: Shall we write about mcuboot or not yet?

Reviewer 2: I **_think_** we can.
However, if we gonna have a note about it, perhaps we should emphasise that we are only working on this solution so far.

Reviewer: Given that we provide absolutely zero support for it anywhere I don't think it makes sense to mention it.

Author: Ill delete this section, but we should probably open an issue to eradd it once we support it
